CiefpE2Converter

CiefpE2Converter is an Enigma2 plugin designed to convert M3U playlists into IPTV bouquets that can be used on Enigma2 devices.
Allows users to easily select groups or individual channels from M3U files, define the name of the bouquet and choose the desired service type
(eg Gstreamer, Exteplayer3, Streamlink).
The plugin generates the appropriate "userbouquet" files and registers them in bouquets.tv for immediate use.

News in version 1.9:
Support for M3U links in playlist.txt format:
The plugin now supports loading M3U links from text files (playlist.txt).
Users can select a link from the list, which is automatically downloaded and parsed for further processing.

New selection screen (ChannelSelectionScreen):
Added a new channel selection screen when the M3U file does not contain groups.
This screen allows users to select individual channels or groups of series,
with automatic grouping of series episodes under one name (eg "The X Files" instead of "The X Files S01 E01").

New "Select Similar" button:
Implemented new "Select Similar" button on GroupSelectionScreen and ChannelSelectionScreen.
Function: Automatically selects all items (groups or channels) that share a common prefix with the currently marked item. For example:
For the group "Sport TV 1" selects all groups starting with "Sport TV" (eg "Sport TV 2", "Sport TV HD").
For the channel "HBO HD" selects all channels starting with "HBO" (eg "HBO 2", "HBO 3").
This makes it easy to quickly select similar items without having to manually tag each item individually.

Other characteristics:
Intuitive interface with the ability to view files in the /tmp directory.
Adjusting the name of the bouquet via the virtual keyboard.
Support for different service types (Gstreamer, Exteplayer3, DVB, Radio, Streamlink).
Automatic registration of bouquets and option to reload settings after conversion.
This plugin is ideal for users who want to quickly and efficiently organize their IPTV content on the Enigma2 platform,
with additional flexibility thanks to new functionalities in version 1.7.

Short instructions for using the plugin CiefpE2Converter v1.7

Starting the plugin:
Find CiefpE2Converter v1.7 in the plugins menu on your Enigma2 device and run it.

Selection of M3U file or link:
On the main screen (MainScreen) you see a list of files in the /tmp directory.
If you have an M3U file: Navigate to it (eg playlist.m3u) and press OK.
If you have a playlist.txt with links: Select the .txt file and press OK. The PlaylistSelectionScreen will open:
Scroll up/down and select the desired link (press OK or the green "Confirm" button).
The plugin will download the M3U from that link and continue.

Defining the name of the bouquet:
Press the yellow "Define Name" button to open the virtual keyboard.
Enter the name of the bouquet (eg "My IPTV") and confirm with OK. The default name is "IPTV Mix Bouquet".

Selection of groups or channels:
Press the blue "Select Groups" button:
If the M3U has groups: The GroupSelectionScreen will open. Mark the desired groups:
OK: Includes/removes a group.
Select All (blue button): Indicates all groups.
Select Similar (yellow button): Indicates groups with a similar prefix (eg "Sport TV 1" -> "Sport TV 2").

If the M3U has no groups: The ChannelSelectionScreen will open. Tag channels or series:
OK: Turns on/off a channel/series.
Select All (blue button): Indicates all channels.
Select Similar (yellow button): Indicates channels with a similar prefix (eg "HBO HD" -> "HBO 2").
Press the green "Confirm" button to confirm or the red "Cancel" button to cancel.

Conversion to a bouquet:
On the main screen, press the green "Convert" button.
Select the service type (eg "Gstreamer (4097:0:1)") from the list and confirm with OK.
The plugin creates a bouquet in /etc/enigma2 and registers it in bouquets.tv.

Reload settings:
After the conversion, the question "Reload settings?" will appear. Select Yes to refresh the bouquet list or No to exit.

Exit:
Press the red "Exit" button to close the plugin.

Remark:
Downloaded M3U files are saved in /tmp/m3u_playlist.
Series in ChannelSelectionScreen are grouped (eg "The X Files" includes all episodes if checked).
Check if /tmp is available and has enough space to download files.
This is all you need to know for basic plugin usage!

..:: ciefpsettings ::..